Automate generation of outputs (#248)
common-workflow-language/user_guide: src/topics/inputs.md

Notice that "example_file", as a `File` type, must be provided as an
object with the fields `class: File` and `path`.

Next, create a whale.txt using [touch] by typing `touch whale.txt` on the command line.

```{code-block} console
$ touch whale.txt
```

> Now invoke `cwl-runner` with the tool description and the input object on the command line,
> using the command `cwl-runner inp.cwl inp-job.yml`. The following boxed text describes these
> two commands and the expected output from the command line:
> 
> ```{runcmd} cwl-runner inp.cwl inp-job.yml
> :working-directory: src/_includes/cwl/inputs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now invoke `cwltool` with the tool description and the input object on the command line,
using the command `cwltool inp.cwl inp-job.yml`. The following boxed text describes these
two commands and the expected output from the command line:

```{runcmd} cwltool inp.cwl inp-job.yml
:working-directory: src/_includes/cwl/inputs
```
